Separate section for  desktop user creation docs (#41375)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/desktop-access/reference/user-creation.mdx

    - developers
    # to make the newly-created user an administrator
    - Administrators
    # IdP trait templating is also supported
    - '{{external.desktop_groups}}'
```

Teleport will never delete users that are created via automatic user
provisioning. This ensures that the user's profile is preserved for future
logins. The account will be disabled to ensures that it can only be accessed via Teleport.

## Stored credentials

<Details title="Version Warning: Before 15.3">
    Teleport versions prior to 15.3 don't support storing credentials.
</Details>

You can store credentials for users created by Teleport using `Control Panel\User Accounts\Credential Manager` or
using `cmdkey` CLI utility.

Teleport will generate encryption keys for these credentials and store them securely on the machine for each user,
using mechanisms in LSA. If a password is ever created for the user managed by Teleport and login is attempted using
user/password method (outside of Teleport), these keys will get overwritten and all stored credentials will be removed
by Windows.

Teleport will never generate keys for users created outside of Teleport to avoid deleting already present credentials.

> For these users credentials can't be used at all when logging using Teleport as the user's password is required to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For these users, credentials can't be used at all when logging on via Teleport, as the user's password is required to
```

---
title: Automatic User Creation
description: Using Automatic User Creation with Teleport desktop access.
---

<Details title="Version Warning: Before 12.3">
    Teleport versions prior to 12.3 don't support the options shown below.

> </Details>

Reviewer 2: We can remove this as Teleport 12 is no longer supported.

disabled. Roles that do not match the desktop's labels will not be checked.

In order to create the user, the requested username must be present in one of
the role's `windows_desktop_logins`.

## User management

By default, the newly-created user will be placed in two Windows groups:

- `Remote Desktop Users`: a built-in Windows group allowing remote desktop access
- `Teleport Users`: a custom group that Teleport places all
automatically-created users in

To add the user to additional groups, specify the `desktop_groups` role option:

```yaml
kind: role
version: v7
metadata:
  name: allow-user-provisioning
spec:
  options:
    create_desktop_user: true
  allow:
    windows_desktop_labels: { '*': '*' }
    windows_desktop_logins: jane
    desktop_groups:
    - developers
    # to make the newly-created user an administrator
    - Administrators
    # IdP trait templating is also supported
    - '{{external.desktop_groups}}'
```

Teleport will never delete users that are created via automatic user
provisioning. This ensures that the user's profile is preserved for future
logins. Teleport will disable the account when the session completes (and

> automatically re-enable it on future connection attempts). This ensures that

Reviewer 2: I thought we just left the account disabled (since only the default AP cares about that).

user accounts created by Teleport can only be accessed via Teleport.

## Stored credentials

<Details title="Version Warning: Before 15.3">
    Teleport versions prior to 15.3 don't support storing credentials.
</Details>

You can store credentials for users created by Teleport using `Control Panel\User Accounts\Credential Manager` or
using `cmdkey` CLI utility.

Teleport will generate encryption keys for these credentials and store them securely on the machine for each user,

> using mechanisms in LSA. If password is ever created for the user managed by Teleport and login is attempted using

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
using mechanisms in LSA. If a password is ever created for the user managed by Teleport and login is attempted using
```
